TeamViewer 14 is the latest, easy-to-use, powerful and world-renowned remote control software from TeamViewer, which redefines new standards for remote control and support in terms of performance. Compared to the previous 13 versions, TeamViewer 14 software Become more secure, more stable, more intuitive, simple, easy to operate, and fast. Whether it's performance, productivity, usability, or exclusive features, you can use augmented reality technology solutions. Personalized adjustments are made to IT administrators, IT technical support, and enterprise users to fully address all conditions and possibilities, and will give you an unprecedented experience. The software has long dominated the remote industry, no other software can compete with it! TeamViewer 14 is a simple and fast solution for remote control, desktop sharing and file transfer that can work across any firewall and NAT proxy. To connect to another computer, simply run the software on two computers without the installation process. In order to connect to another computer, you only need to run TeamViewer on both computers at the same time, without the need to install (you can also choose to install, you can set the boot after installation). The first time the software starts, the partner ID is automatically generated on both computers. And this software has now been ported to android, with this software you can easily control the computer through the phone. After opening the software, you need to connect the android phone to your own computer. With this extension, you can share iOS screens more efficiently. Also, this software support staff has been offline, you can make it easier for customers to get your service by creating a servicecamp ticket in the QuickSupport module, and you can add custom information to actively collect details. So that support staff is fully prepared for the conversation. This software can help you redefine your daily work. Just enter your partner's ID into TeamViewer and the connection will be established immediately. TeamViewer is a standard tool with tens of thousands of users around the world. It provides support and assistance to people in remote areas. In addition, you can use this program for demonstrations where you can show your own to your partners. desktop. This application is also VNC compliant, providing secure, encrypted data transfer with maximum security. The software has good compatibility, supports a variety of operating systems, whether it is Windows, Mac, Linux, Unix, can run perfectly, support service queues, users can collect service cases in a service queue, and according to the session code Identify and then prioritize, organize, and auto-allocate based on access priorities to ensure access effectiveness. This small series provides users with TeamViewer 14 no commercial crack version, software built-in crack patch, can crack the program perfectly, TeamViewer 14 itself is free for individual users, and there is no time and basic function restrictions, if you want to put the software For commercial purposes, you need to pay for the purchase, use this client to solve this kind of trouble, so that you can use the commercial version for free
installation steps:
1. First click the right mouse button to download and extract the software compression package, then select the customization option, and read the installation license, agree and continue the software installation.
2, after the software is being installed, please be patient and continue to install
3. After the completion, the software runs automatically. The default is free license (only for non-commercial use)
4. Exit the original program, copy the crack patch to the software root directory, double-click to open, the default path is: C:\Program Files (x86)\TeamViewer
5. Click the [Apply] button and wait for the crack to complete. The prompt is successful.
